hi I'm Faye from simplified coat UK I've
been a makeup artist for 20 years and
I'm going to give you some tips on how
to apply makeup in this video I'm going
to show you how to make your lips pink
for an actual pink glow to the lips and
you can use natural products such as
beetroot although it's probably a bit of
a messy way to do it you could just dab
the beetroot onto your finger and then
just dab it onto your lips and that will
work as a natural sort of lip stain in a
pinky fashion and slightly easier way to
do it would again to apply a pink
lipstick quite a natural pink to the
lips but not apply it to precisely so
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
grab a lip brush and I'm going to use a
natural pinky color I think you want a
color that's fairly similar to your lips
so I'm going to use this one here and
this is just going to be dabbed on the
lip rather than sort of sculpt it onto
the lips and just use your finger to
blend it just to give a little bit of a
flush color in the lips if the lips are
a bit dry or if you wanted to add a bit
of shine you could then come on with
your lip moisturizer and apply a little
bit on top and that will make the lips
glisten and also help the lips if
they're a little bit dry
and that's how to make your lips pink